the insentive for someone to run the server is:
  1. They need the server to Recieve messages, and won't be technologically advanced enough to disable the genereal networking services
  2. Other Servers will not serve you unless you are registered and are running a well behaived server
  3. with a higher score, your posts could be shared to more users feeds
  4. with higher score you are easier to find with your id alone.

To validate that a server and client are actually the same peer, you could have the 
connected client relay the validata instead of it just pinigng from the server, though i 
don't see why this is neccassary

Next Version I may use a secure, and conventional way of transmitting objects such as json.

when mining data weighting of the data is done, the systematic minig can occur with max depth implemented in the peer class

Method of searching for friends could be::
  systematic geting databases of all servers connected to with high max depth
  or systamtic attempts at connecting to all ports of all IPaddresses, though that may be illeagal.

Having ID paired with AUTH makes a digital currency? faster network speeds, for carrying out network services and posts shown to more users:
intresting ideas of inflation. 

2 METHODS OF SEARCHING ALGORYTHM (FINDID:
  1 CURRENT Signal is relayed andsent back down the line
  2 responses also sent directly to requestor, must register first
    so endpoints send the requestor a reg request, then a response via the server, to validate that all servers on the network were telling the truth

Future: 
Creating policing and investigation tools, to analyse traffic, and databases of servers. Creating a race/war against wrongdoes on network and law enforcement.
Cash to be maid in the creation of anonymity tools and surveilance tools.

public auth keys could be used as passphrase into invite only circles. so it would be implemented as a Database variable (as of current state).

could include a system log of recent activity, useful for handleing reports.

IN FUTURE, IT WILL BE A MOBILE APP,u add people using the near field communication of the phone just putting phones next to each other,
or qr codes holding id number,address,(authorization code if wanted)

Note that FINDID command as of now is very insecure as a faulty request could cause loops in the network.

potenital new FINDID command:##this is huge
it is a Peer command, and involves the systematic getting of the databases from associates and then getting the databases of each of the entires of the databases, max depth applied here
con: Register with each peer queried, some peers may not want to talk to you and require you to have a higher score.



##potentialfuture
##Differnt ID and AUTH pair used for every single Association
##so self.ID is used as defualt
##nothing wrong with using only one id
##but allows you to move in different circles.
##also accepting a "myID,theirID" argument allows a server to treat clients differently depending upon how they found you

INCENTIVE TO RUN SERVER SERVICES: your profile and posts are shared with more people and you are easier to find by other peers.